# Arcade-plus

Arcade is a utility used to edit and preview aff files. The original Arcade repository was taken down due to [GitHub's DMCA takedown policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/dmca-takedown-policy) (see [the DMCA takedown request](https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2019/02/2019-02-27-Arcaea.md)). The author of the original Arcade, [cnSchwarzer](https://github.com/cnSchwarzer) aka Sch, refused to remove copyrighted content owned by Lowiro, the developer of Arcaea. Sch used a Chinese code hosting platform after that instead.

This project, Arcade-plus brings it back to GitHub. It does not contain any copyrighted content, but uses a skinning feature instead. We also have better commit messages and less bugs. What's more, we will add some new features, get some redesigns and do some performance optimizations.

The original commit history of Sch are not being included in this repository, since they contain copyrighted content.

## Q&A

### Arcade-plus does not work on my OS!

Arcade-plus is only completely tested on Latest Windows 11. However it should work on Windows 7, 8 or 10 as well. Older versions of Windows are not supported.

Also, macOS and Linux support is experimental for now, if you find any bug that only happens on your OS, please help us by opening a bug-fixing pull request.

### Why is there no localization feature in this version?

Localization feature was supported in old versions of Arcade. However, Sch decided to remove it because of bad code design and messy UI layout. Therefore, we removed this feature as well.

Since UI Layout has been completely reworked in this fork, adding localization feature back is somehow acceptable, but we decide to do some other work before that. Pull requests are always welcomed though.

### The playfield does not look like the old Arcade!

Due to copyright issue, we can not use old graphic and sound assets. You need to find a set of skin yourself to make it back. The documentation of skinning is not available now, but you can read our implementation of skinning system to know the structure of skin folder for now.

### I want to contribute to Arcade-plus!

Pull requests are always welcomed. But beware: please make sure you **do not update Unity** in your pull request. You can see our current using Unity version in [ProjectVersion.txt](ProjectSettings\ProjectVersion.txt).

We are planning to add some documentation for this project, but unfortunately for now you can only read the code. Sorry for that.

## license

Most parts of this project is licensed under the MIT license. See [License](LICENSE). The exceptions are listed below:

- Files under `Packages` folder come from Unity Package Manager. It is recommended by Unity to include the folder in the version control system. These files are licensed by their authors, including Unity Technologies and other authors.
- Files under `UIElementsScheme` folder are used by some components in Unity Editors, and licensed by Unity Technologies. We do not use UIElements feature in this project ourself.
- Files under `Assets/Plugins` folder are downloaded and unzipped from NuGet. Unity itself do not provide a way to download and load dependencies from NuGet, so we should put them into assets manually and include them in the version control system. These files are licensed by their authors.
- Files under `Assets/Demigiant` folder and `Assets/Resources` folder are generated by [DOTween plugin](http://dotween.demigiant.com/). These files are licensed by Daniele Giardini.
- Files under `Assets/SFB` come from [Unity Standalone File Browser](https://github.com/gkngkc/UnityStandaloneFileBrowser). These files are licensed by gkngkc and other authors.
- Files under `Assets/OBJImport` come from [Runtime OBJ Importer](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/modeling/runtime-obj-importer-49547). These files are licensed by Dummiesman.
- Files under `Assets/DefaultSkin/Sound` folder are samples bundles with and modified using [LMMS](https://lmms.io). These files are in public domains.
- Files under `Assets/Textures/Icon/MDI` are generated from [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/), go to their site for license issue.
- The `Assets/Textures/Icon/OBS.png` are generated from the icon of [Open Broadcaster Software](https://obsproject.com/), go to their site for license issue.
- Files under `Assets/Fonts` are free font files. These files are licensed by their authors.
- All other Texture files in this repo are also licensed under CC-BY-4.0, see [LICENSE.texture](LICENSE.texture).
